Add dry run options to tag, measure and deployment mark commands (#1916)
DataDog/datadog-ci: packages/base/src/commands/tag/README.md

  The JSON should be flat (without nested objects or arrays) and the keys and values should be strings.
  The resulting dictionary will be merged with whatever is in the `DD_TAGS` environment variable and in the `--tags` argument.

> - `--silent` (default: `false`) will prevent the tag command from writing to stdout and stderr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--silent` (default: `false`) prevents the tag command from writing to stdout and stderr.
```

> - `--dry-run` (default: `false`): will run the command without sending a request. All other checks are performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--dry-run` (default: `false`): runs the command without sending a request. All other checks are performed.
```
